README.md, before:

Ansible Role for Tezos Baking
=========

This Ansible Role aims to make deploying a Tezos baker fast and easy for Ansible users.

The role is heavily parameterized, allowing users to deploy nodes for different Tezos networks (mainnet/carthagenet/labnet/etc..) and various economic protocols to support block transitions.

The role uses [Version 7 of the Tezos Node][tezos_v7], also known as the multinetwork node.

_This role does not manage any Tezos keys_

https://galaxy.ansible.com/ecadlabs/tezos_baker

Requirements
------------

- Docker (Tested on Debian Buster)
- [ecadlabs.tezos_node][tezos_node_role]

Installation
------------

    ansible-galaxy install ecadlabs.tezos_baker

Role Variables
--------------

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see `defaults/main.yml`):

The Tezos network you wish to provision. This variable does not have a default, so you must set it. Typically, values are `carthagenet` or `mainnet`. The `tezos_network` value is used for several purposes; naming of docker containers, naming of a docker network, selection of which Tezos network to use, and validating that snapshot imports are from the expected network

    tezos_network:

The location where on the host the Tezos nodes data directory will reside. This role uses Docker bind mounts over docker volumes.

    node_data_dir: "/srv/tezos/{{ tezos_network }}_node"

The location on the host where the Tezos client configuration will reside. This directory contains client configuration and keys used by the `tezos-client` command.

    client_data_dir: "/srv/tezos/{{ tezos_network }}_client"

The tezos docker image to use.

    tezos_docker_image: tezos/tezos:v7.0-rc1

Dependencies
------------

- [ecadlabs.tezos_node][tezos_node_role]

Example Playbook
----------------

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
        - role: ecadlabs.tezos_baker
          tezos_network: carthagenet

License
-------

MIT

Author Information
------------------

Created by the humans from ECAD Labs Inc. https://ecadlabs.com

[tezos_node_role]: https://galaxy.ansible.com/ecadlabs/tezos_node
[tezos_v7]: https://tezos.gitlab.io/releases/version-7.html

Commit message:

Set default value of tezos_economic_protocols to 006 and 007 for transition
Mainnet updates to 007-PsDELPH1 on Nov 12th. this change will cause the
role to created baker, endorser and accuser images to run for both
protocols.

Also bump tezos node version to 7.4

README.md, after:

Ansible Role for Tezos Baking
=========

This Ansible Role aims to make deploying a Tezos baker fast and easy for Ansible users.

The role is heavily parameterized, allowing users to deploy nodes for different Tezos networks (mainnet/carthagenet/labnet/etc..) and various economic protocols to support block transitions.

The role uses [Version 7 of the Tezos Node][tezos_v7], also known as the multinetwork node.

_This role does not manage any Tezos keys_

https://galaxy.ansible.com/ecadlabs/tezos_baker

Requirements
------------

- Docker (Tested on Debian Buster)
- [ecadlabs.tezos_node][tezos_node_role]

Installation
------------

    ansible-galaxy install ecadlabs.tezos_baker

Role Variables
--------------

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see `defaults/main.yml`):

The Tezos network you wish to provision. This variable does not have a default, so you must set it. Typically, values are `carthagenet` or `mainnet`. The `tezos_network` value is used for several purposes; naming of docker containers, naming of a docker network, selection of which Tezos network to use, and validating that snapshot imports are from the expected network

    tezos_network:

The location where on the host the Tezos nodes data directory will reside. This role uses Docker bind mounts over docker volumes.

    node_data_dir: "/srv/tezos/{{ tezos_network }}_node"

The location on the host where the Tezos client configuration will reside. This directory contains client configuration and keys used by the `tezos-client` command.

    client_data_dir: "/srv/tezos/{{ tezos_network }}_client"

The tezos docker image to use.

    tezos_docker_image: tezos/tezos:v7.4

The Tezos economic protocol to run. Around the time of a protocol transition, bakers should run both protocols in parallel. A backer, endorser and accuser docker container will be started for each protocol.

    tezos_economic_protocols:
      - 006-PsCARTHA
      - 007-PsDELPH1

Dependencies
------------

- [ecadlabs.tezos_node][tezos_node_role]

Example Playbook
----------------

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
        - role: ecadlabs.tezos_baker
          tezos_network: carthagenet

License
-------

MIT

Author Information
------------------

Created by the humans from ECAD Labs Inc. https://ecadlabs.com

[tezos_node_role]: https://galaxy.ansible.com/ecadlabs/tezos_node
[tezos_v7]: https://tezos.gitlab.io/releases/version-7.html
